Tenable.sc Asset & Vulnerability ingest (#44442)
demisto/content: Packs/Tenable_sc/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Tenable.sc

> - Added **fetch-assets** capability to import host/asset data into XSIAM using the `/hosts/search` API endpoint with pagination support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***fetch-assets*** command to import host/asset data into Cortex XSIAM using the `/hosts/search` API endpoint with pagination support.
```

> - Added Assets Modeling Rules for XSIAM asset ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Assets Modeling Rules for Cortex XSIAM asset ingestion.
```

> - Added configurable **Assets fetch interval** parameter (default: 720 minutes, minimum: 60 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Assets fetch interval* parameter to configure the interval in minutes between asset fetches.
```

> - Added **vulnerability fetching** capability to the `fetch-assets` command, sending cumulative vulnerability data to XSIAM via the `/analysis` API endpoint with pagination support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **vulnerability fetching** capability to the ***fetch-assets*** command to send cumulative vulnerability data to Cortex XSIAM via the `/analysis` API endpoint with pagination support.  
```

> - Vulnerabilities are fetched using `sourceType=cumulative` after the assets fetch phase completes, mirroring the Tenable.io integration pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Vulnerabilities are fetched using `sourceType=cumulative` after the asset fetch phase completes, mirroring the Tenable.io integration pattern.
```

> - Vulnerability data is sent to XSIAM with product `sc_vulnerabilities`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Vulnerability data is sent to Cortex XSIAM with product `sc_vulnerabilities`.
```
